.TH collector 1 "12 April 2021" "1.2.1" "collector man page"
.SH NAME
collector \- a simple script to collect information about your environment.

.SH SYNOPSIS
collector [-h] [-c {gzip,bz2,xz,tar,zip}] [-d DIRECTORY] [-V] [--license]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Collector is a script that does exactly as its name implies; it collects things. Collector is used to retrieve important files and find important info inside a user\'s home directory, create a sharable archive file, and then educate the user how they can share it with a specific tech. For collector, it does not matter whether the above files exist or not; collector simply looks for them. Once they are found, collector adds them to an archive. Collector also runs a few shell commands on the user's home directory and saves that output to the archive as well. Once collector is done, it creates an archive named $USER-info.

Here is the list of files that collector searches for:
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]. 10
bashrc \- a shell script run everytime a user creates a new bash shell.

.IP \n+[step].
bash_history \- a helpful log containing previously run bash commands.

.IP \n+[step].
bash_profile \- a shell script executed when a user logs in with their bash credentials.

.IP \n+[step].
bash_logout \- a shell script run everytime a user exits a bash shell session.

.IP \n+[step].
bash_aliases \- a shell script defining bash aliases that is typically run everytime a user creates a new bash shell.

.IP \n+[step].
config.fish \- a shell script run everytime a user creates a new fish shell.

.IP \n+[step].
cshrc \- a shell script run everytime a user creates a new csh shell.

.IP \n+[step].
history \- a helpful log containing previously run csh commands.

.IP \n+[step].
tcshrc \- a shell script run everytime a user creates a new tcsh shell.

.IP \n+[step].
zshrc \- a shell script run everytime a user creates a new zsh shell.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB-c|--compression\fP [gzip|bz2|xz|tar|zip]"
Compression algorithm to use when creating collector archive. The default is zip compression.

.IP "\fB-d|--directory\fP <output_directory>"
Directory to save collector\'s output archive to. On Roar, the default is the $HOME/scratch directory.

.IP "\fB-V|--version\fP"
Print collector version info.

.IP "\fB--license\fP"
Print collector licensing info.

.IP "\fB-h|--help\fP"
Print help info.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/bin/collector

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/collector.py

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/utils/compression.py

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/utils/print_license.py

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/utils/special_print.py

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/utils/verifylocale.py

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BI "collector"
.TP
.PP
Execute collector and save the zip archive to $HOME/scratch/$USER-info.zip.

.TP
.BI "collector -c gzip"
.TP
.PP
Execute collector and save the gzip archive to $HOME/scratch/$USER-info.tar.gz.

.TP
.BI "collector -c bz2"
.TP
.PP
Execute collector and save the bz2 archive to $HOME/scratch/$USER-info.tar.bz2.

.TP
.BI "collector -c xz"
.TP
.PP
Execute collector and save the xz archive to $HOME/scratch/$USER-info.tar.xz.

.TP
.BI "collector -c tar"
.TP
.PP
Execute collector and save the tar archive to $HOME/scratch/$USER-info.tar.

.TP
.BI "collector -c gzip -d ~/work"
.TP
.PP
Execute collector and save the gzip archive to $HOME/work/$USER-info.tar.gz.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs. If you encounter a bug using this script, please open an issue at https://github.com/ICDS-Roar/iaskutils.

.SH AUTHOR
Jason C. Nucciarone (jcn23@psu.edu, jason.nucciarone@gmail.com)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2021 The Pennsylvania State University Institute for Computational and Data Sciences. All rights reserved at https://mit-license.org/.
