.TH gathero 1 "12 April 2021" "1.2.1" "gathero man page"
.SH NAME
gathero \- a script to collect essential information about a user's job(s).

.SH SYNOPSIS
gathero [-h] [-n NAME] [-c {gzip,bz2,xz,tar,zip}] [-d DIRECTORY] [-V] [--license] [jobs [jobs ...]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
gathero is an advanced, high\-level tool based of an extension of the checkjob utility available on most HPC clusters. Where gathero differs from checkjob is that it pulls information on both the user and allocation and then runs a series of commands on the user and the allocation. Once gathero is done, it saves the output to a directory that can be analyzed by the user. Gathero also creates are shareable archive as well and saves it to the output directory. Also, gathero has the ability to query multiple job ids. 

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB-c|--compression\fP [gzip|bz2|xz|tar|zip]"
Compression algorithm to use when creating gathero archive. The default is zip compression.

.IP "\fB-d|--directory\fP <output_directory>"
Directory to save gathero\'s output directory to. On Roar, the default is the $HOME/scratch directory.

.IP "\fB-n|--name\fP <output_name>"
Name of gathero output directory. The default is gathero_output.

.IP "\fB-V|--version\fP"
Print gathero version info.

.IP "\fB--license\fP"
Print gathero licensing info.

.IP "\fB-h|--help\fP"
Print help info.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/bin/gathero

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/gathero.py

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/utils/compression.py

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/utils/print_license.py

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/utils/special_print.py

.TP
.I
/gpfs/group/dml129/default/sw7/iaskutils/utils/verifylocale.py

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BI "gathero 123456789"
.TP
.PP
Run gathero on job id 123456789 and save the output to $HOME/scratch/gathero_output. Creates a zip archive named gathero_output.zip.

.TP
.BI "gathero 123456789 987654321"
.TP
.PP
Run gathero on job ids 123456789 and 987654321 and save the output to $HOME/scratch/gathero_output. Creates a zip archive named gathero_output.zip.

.TP
.BI "gathero 123456789 987654321 -c gzip"
.TP
.PP
Run gathero on job ids 123456789 and 987654321 and save the output to $HOME/scratch/gathero_output. Creates a gzip archive named gathero_output.tar.gz.

.TP
.BI "gathero 123456789 987654321 -c xz -n jcn23_output"
.TP
.PP
Run gathero on job ids 123456789 and 987654321 and save the output to $HOME/scratch/jcn23_output. Creates an xz archive named jcn23_output.tar.xz.

.TP
.BI "gathero 123456789 -c bz2 -n jcn23_output -d ~/work"
.TP
.PP
Run gathero on job id 123456789 and save the output to $HOME/work/jcn23_output. Creates a bz2 archive named jcn23_output.tar.bz2.

.SH BUGS

The following is a list of known bugs in gathero:

.PP
.TP
.BI "gathero fails to execute correctly if gcc devtoolset is loaded on Roar:"
.TP
.PP
If you have the gcc module loaded while trying to use gathero, you may encounter an issue where gathero constantly asks for your sudo credentials. In order to avoid this issue, simply unload the gcc module before calling gathero.

.TP
.BI "If you encounter any other bugs using gathero, then please open an issue at https://github.com/ICDS-Roar/iaskutils."

.SH AUTHOR
Jason C. Nucciarone (jcn23@psu.edu, jason.nucciarone@gmail.com)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2021 The Pennsylvania State University Institute for Computational and Data Sciences. All rights reserved at https://mit-license.org/.
